Consort Rong has made me kneel at Shengxin Temple.
Since ancient times,
no one has ever come out of Shengxin Temple.
Sister, you’re so ruthless.
Aren’t you covering up something?
Consort Rong, I did it deliberately.
When I arrived,
there was only Lin Guiren at the scene.
Emotionally and logically, he should be a suspect.
Your Majesty, this is unjust.
These are just some people who haven’t returned yet.
That’s why I went to find him.
Who knew, if not for Your Majesty,
you would indiscriminately accuse me.
Quickly, take her away!
How did I indiscriminately accuse you?
You,
Anyway, your death has nothing to do with me.
Consort Liu Bei, before the matter is thoroughly investigated,
It is wrong of you to kneel me down.
Lin Guiren has a point.
What kind of place is the Shenxing Temple?
Once you go in, you either die or suffer greatly.
Sister, using your power like this,
Aren’t you feeling guilty?
Stop your nonsense.
Lin Guiren, Lin Guiren,
You keep saying Zhou Caixian’s death
Has nothing to do with you.
Why are you so sure?
Or did you see something?
Intentionally hiding the truth?
I didn’t, hmm.
I was just saying casually.
Why are you in such a hurry?
I, I...
Someone!
Take this person away and interrogate her strictly.
No, no, no, let Zhang Jia speak.
They’re saying it now.
Sister Chen was messing around that day,
She found a eunuch soldier.
Why didn’t you say this earlier?
Deliberately framing Consort Rong.